Hi everyone!
In this video we will learn how to loop through a set.
You can loop through the set item by using a for loop and this is an example.
We have our set for x in the set for x in each item print x y.
We have only one method to loop through the set y.
We don't have the same method.
For example, like the tuple we see in the tuple, we can use the index number and also we can use the
while loop.
The problem here is that when we learn the definition of set, we just learn that set is unordered,
which means items can appear in a different order every time you can use them, and cannot be referred
to by index or q, and in this case, the only method to loop through the set is just use the for loop
without using the index.
Let's go to PyCharm and execute this example.
This is our set and we can loop through the set via the for loop.
And we have this output apple banana and cherry.